"""
for this i would need:
consumption events ( consumes food -5 food)
bandit events (steals food -5 food)
production ( whiskey making +10 food +20 money)
leadership ( hire sheriff -10 money bandits skip next days raid)
population ( endorse a visit from a travelling circus -10 food bandits skip next two raids)

variables food money
consumption
bandit
production
leadership or population or skip

let’s simply make this small part of the program, that’s it, no more events,
 no randomising just this simple static little visual text based game.
"""


	◦	use script scheme from economy simulation, use
     also character generation and a simple economy scheme. 
     based on The economy  three arrows down to booze, ladies,
      robberies. Your economy relies on the amount and strength 
      of these 3 products. Therefore the stronger these 3 are the 
      stronger your economy, the higher your immigration rate, 
      lowering these numbers down again. In an ideal world each 
      person has traits affecting the amount of each he will want.
       With only 3 each person can have a base and one up and one
        down for each one based on a dice roll. Something like a 
        dwarf fortress interface i would like but honestly every 
        game maker seems like dog shit made for 2d side scrollers 
        or 3rd person games. I just need a strategy game game maker. 
        Maybe we could jerry rig a rpg maker game into this.
         The economy is a figure known as accountant. Each dialogue 
         choice says the abundance of each product. Too much of 
         certain ones should bring their own impacts, as well as
          too little of some. Then the 3 products are represented
           by another figure each. And then we could think about
            1 or 2 figures underneath each one. To reduce the
             feeling of an rpg you could send people on missions, 
             after which recovery would also be based on the 3 products.
             At the start it will be easy to meta and it will likely be 
             very short days, but with more random events it could be
             better. stage one accountant and all in the bar. He just 
            works at one of the tables with a ledger in front of him and 
            other papers. Stage 2 an office for you as the mayor and the
             accountant and 3 representatives in each of their respective
              areas e.g. distillery/bar, brothel, bar for robbers
	◦	Step 1 Download the most compatible RPG maker or GM maker or something else you find for 2d strategy even something like civ ffs. Potentially defold, use something called an ECS, do i need c++ to do this?
	◦	step 2 Tile set if needed new or find one
	◦	step 3 Now the accountant design
	◦	step 4 the three products looks
	◦	step 5 now dialog for accountant
	◦	step 6 now dialog for 3 products
	◦	step 7 scripting with 50 50 chance for an increase in a products abundance .
